README.md, before:

# scrubflix.github.io
# Software Engineering Coursework. Web Application "SCRUBFLIX" shows information about current and upcoming movies.
# Web based application written html5/css and javascript languages.
# Application consist of 4 files: index.html, style.css and script.js
# CSS folder consist of CSS Image Hover Effect Library available under MIT License: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
# Design folder consist of differnet design patterns to be implemented on the website. During implementation stage Design folder will include number of different design patterns, however in the final stage of the implementation only those used in the prototype will be left in the folder.
# Image folder consist of movie posters used in the prototype. It will change consistently due to the nature of the software.
# Style.css - index.html
# Style2.css - top20.html
# Style3.css - genre.html
******************************************************* NOTES ************************************************************
GitHub commit history missing scrubflix.2.8 version of the application. Commit name was misspelled therefore source code version jumps from scrubflix.2.7 to scrubflix.2.9.

Commits made by the name up778500 are invalid as username does not belong to this group and commits were made by mistake using wrong account.

# Team leaders: 
# Front-End: Lukas (UP743982/lukas112)
# Back-End: Robert (UP773227)

Commit message:

Scrubflix.2.9
1. Added rest of the modal windows to the top20 page.
2. Created logo folder to store logos for the app and inserted logo to the website.
3. Fixed errors on the top20 (page have 0 errors as of this commit).
4.Edited README.md

Things to do:
1. Validate genre page.
2. Insert different movies on the front page (also validate it).
3. Set up SEO.

README.md, after:

# scrubflix.github.io
# Software Engineering Coursework. Web Application "SCRUBFLIX" shows information about current and upcoming movies.
# Web based application written html5/css and javascript languages.
# Design folder consist of differnet design patterns to be implemented on the website. During implementation stage Design folder will include number of different design patterns, however in the final stage of the implementation only those used in the prototype will be left in the folder.
# Image folder consist of movie posters used in the prototype. It will change consistently due to the nature of the software.

I order to implement dynamic design, number of stylesheets have been created. Below presented which stylesheet works which files.
# Style.css - index.html
# Style2.css - top20.html
# Style3.css - genre.html

******************************************************* NOTES ************************************************************
GitHub commit history missing scrubflix.2.8 version of the application. Commit name was misspelled therefore source code version jumps from scrubflix.2.7 to scrubflix.2.9.

Commits made by the name up778500 are invalid as username does not belong to this group and commits were made by mistake using wrong account.

******************************************************* HOW TO *************************************************************
Explanation how to run the program.
******************************************************* HOW TO *************************************************************

# Team leaders: 
# Front-End: Lukas (UP743982/lukas112)
# Back-End: Robert (UP773227)
